Oh
this is jared polin for a fro knows
photo and this is tips for getting
better baseball photos enjoy back again
for more outdoor sports shooting tips
the most important thing when shooting
sports is anticipation knowing more
about the sport is going to help you
anticipate where things are going to
happen so for example in Little League
baseball or in baseball in general if
you're set up to shoot the batter trying
to get him hitting and the count is
three and OH three balls no strikes
most likely he's not swinging three and
OH
so don't get ready I mean be ready but
don't start you know motoring through
your photos at three and oh that's just
one thing if you know that that they're
not going to be swinging because it's
three enode you don't need to waste the
shots you can you can look at something
else for that time also a good way to
anticipate a pitch in baseball is when
you're looking through the camera have
have one of your eyes the non-dominant I
obviously folk you know focus in on the
pitcher when he goes into his wind-up he
starts to pitch then get your eye back
into the camera prepared and anticipate
when the pitch is going to get there so
that you can time when the kids going to
swing or when the balls gonna get to the
plate that is really important knowing
the sport you're shooting is half the
battle
you watch your kids play all the time
you should know where things are going
to happen so if you have a really good
soccer team football team for those
Europeans and there's a lot of action
that happens on one side of the field
don't plant yourself at the other side
of the field where none of the action is
gonna happen know that the plays are
gonna come towards you so anticipate
that and be near the play try not to
shoot too many of the backs of players
non action non standing still things
that you do when you're first starting
to shoot sports are shoot non action
subjects because it's easier to capture
an image of somebody that's not moving
that's not going on but anticipating the
play knowing where the ball is gonna go
knowing where the ball is in soccer
knowing where the ball is gonna go in
baseball you know where it's gonna be
pitched so if you're gonna shoot
pictures of the catcher you know where
it's gonna be
so anticipation is a huge thing when it
comes to sports start to pay attention
to you know watch a sport on TV watch
how it happens start to see the images
in your head sit there with your camera
and look through it look at the TV and
anticipate when you would shoot that
picture of action a player rounding
first you're gonna shoot it as he's
rounding the bag you're gonna start
shooting you know if you're on a good
angle you're not gonna really want to
shoot from behind unless you're gonna
trigger through seven or eight pictures
which is fine but you want to anticipate
where these things are gonna happen
so for outdoor sports anticipation that
is really important good tips I think